# DropdownMenu Component

## Description

This is a reusable dropdown menu component written by React without using the pre-built dropdown from a component library.

## Functionality

* The user can open and close the dropdown menu by clicking the input field. The user can also close the menu when it is opened by clicking anywhere outside the menu.
* The component supports a single selected option or multiple selected options.
* If it is multiple selection, a user can select and deselect all options at once.
* If the user has selected some options, there will be a button on the right of the input field to clear the selection.
* The selected option or options will be displayed in the input field when the dropdown is closed. It will be truncated if it is too long to display.
* This component uses `FixedSizeList` from `react-window` to improve efficiency.

## Usage

This component is a React Functional Component. To use this component, import it, use it as normal component `<DropdownMenu>`, and pass required props.

**Required props are:**

* `title`: The title or label of this component. Will be displayed in front of the input field. Type: string. This prop is optional.
* `options`: The array of options that will be displayed in the dropdown menu. Type: array.
* `selectedOptions`: The array of selected options. Generated by React `useState()` hook. Type: array
* `setSelectedOptions`: The function to update `selectedOptions`. Generated by React `useState()` hook. Type: function
* `isMultipleSelect`: Whether this is a multiple selection. Type: boolean. This prop is optional, and the default value is `false`.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
import DropdownMenu from "./DropdownMenu";

function App() {
  const [selectedOptions, setSelectedOptions] = useState([]);
  const options = [1,2,3,4,5,6]

  return (
    <div>
      <DropdownMenu
        title="Numbers"
        options={options}
        selectedOptions={selectedOptions}
        setSelectedOptions={setSelectedOptions}
        isMultipleSelect={false}
      />
    </div>
  );
}

```

## Run an example

**Requirement:**
Need to have `npm` installed

**Dependency:**
In root directory of this repo, run `npm install`

**Start:**
To run the example in develop mode, use `npm start`. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.
